Summary
This web app is intended to count the number of times a word appears in a Reddit thread. At a high level, the user will be able to navigate to the website (localhost acceptable), input a valid Reddit URL, select a few options, and generate a CSV file that contains a list of words and counts.

Please use Reddit API to get words. App should work with any valid secret key.

Acceptance Criteria

AC #1 - Elements on Page

Given a user has accessed the web page
When on load
Then the following elements are displayed:
Input for URL
Upload file for list of words to ignore
Checkbox with label “Uppercase Only”
Generate CSV button

---

AC #2 - Clicking Generate CSV Button

Given a user has accessed the web page
And has input a valid Reddit URL
When clicking the Generate CSV button
Then a CSV is downloaded

---

AC #3 - CSV Contents

Given a user has downloaded the CSV
When opening the CSV
Then the CSV contains two columns
Word
Unique count for respective word
And is populated by the words from the URL provided

Example:
AAPL	50
TSLA	30
SPY	10

---

AC #4 - Word Filter
Scenario: User can upload a CSV file containing a dictionary of words which will filter out those words when generating a new file.

Given a user has uploaded a file containing words
When generating a CSV
Then the CSV does not contain words within the file uploaded (exact match)


---

AC #5 - Uppercase Only
Scenario: A user that checks the box for “Uppercase only” will not have words that are lowercase or mixed case populated in the generated CSV.

Given a user has checked “Uppercase Only” checkbox
When generating CSV
Then the CSV only contains words that are in all uppercase

Example:
AAPL <- included
aaPL <- not included
Aapl <- not included

---

AC #6 - Trim Punctuation
Scenario: Words with trailing punctuation, often those at the end of the sentence, will have the punctuation trimmed before being counted in the generated CSV

Given generating CSV
When a word ends with a non-alphanumeric character
Then application will trim all the trailing non-alphanumeric characters before being included in the word count

Example:
AAPL. -> AAPL
Aapl! -> Aapl
AApl!!!??? -> AApl
It’s -> It’s [no transformation was completed]

---

AC #6 - Trim Dollar Signs
Scenario: Words that start with a $, denoting stock tickers, will have the dollar sign removed before being counted in the generated CSV

Given generating CSV
When a word starts with a $
And the subsequent character is NOT a numeric character
Then application will remove the $ before being included in the word count

Example:
$AAPL -> AAPL
$nvda -> nvda
$20.15 -> $20.15 [no transformation was completed]


---


AC #7 - Count of Words
Scenario: The count generated for a word includes all cases of the word if “Uppercase Only” is not selected when generating a CSV.

Given generating CSV
And Uppercase Only was not selected
When counting occurrences of the word
Then the application will combine counts of all the cases (e.g. uppercase, lowercase mixed case, title case, etc.)

Note: I am open to which version of the word appears in the CSV. Do what is easiest.

---


AC #8 - Sort by descending
Scenario: Words in the CSV are sorted in descending order (most occurrences at the top)

Given generating CSV
When the CSV contains more than one word
Then sort the CSV by descending order
